Add documentation of 'revokeSessions' parameter to appropriate APIs (#3778)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/authn/index.md

Changes a user's password by providing the existing password and the new password for authentication transactions with either the `PASSWORD_EXPIRED` or `PASSWORD_WARN` state

> This operation provides an option to revoke all the sessions of the specified user, except for the current session.

Reviewer: doesn't this need to be all sessions as it's an admin operation?

* A user *must* change their expired password for an authentication transaction with `PASSWORD_EXPIRED` status to successfully complete the transaction.
* A user *may* opt-out of changing their password (skip) when the transaction has a `PASSWORD_WARN` status.

#### Request parameters for change password

| Parameter   | Description                                                      | Param Type | DataType  | Required | Default |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------- | -------- |---------|
| newPassword | New password for user                                            | Body       | String    | TRUE     |         |
| oldPassword | User's current password that is expired or about to expire       | Body       | String    | TRUE     |         |

> | revokeSessions | if true, revoke user sessions                                 | Body       | boolean   | FALSE    | FALSE   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| revokeSessions | When set to `true`, revokes all user sessions, except for the current session | Body       | boolean   | FALSE    | FALSE   |
```
